hey everybody i hope you enjoyed this
episode brought to you by our sponsors
at blinkist
all right what's up everybody welcome to
another episode of conversations with
tom i'm here with somebody who i cannot
tell you how much i enjoy hanging out
with and that is the one the only noah
kagan dude welcome to the show my friend
it's good to see you again it's uh i
love talking with you about the stuff
dude same man i really wish that we were
hanging out in person i found that doing
these shows man it really makes a
difference like there are weird subtle
little cues that you pick up on from
people when you're in the same space
that just doesn't quite happen when
you're on a zoom or a skype call
there's just enough lag that
it's different it's very good what do
you notice like what have you seen in
person that you kind of miss on uh the
digital so i don't even know what it is
i'm picking up on so i was doing um a
show yesterday no it was one of my
favorite episodes ever it was health
theory and this guy is doing research
into the brain the exact parts of the
brain that i had to change or the
mechanisms that i used to change that i
try to explain to people but i never
knew the neuroscience specifically to
this and so he's able to explain like
how you build desire like desire as a
process like what the neurochemistry is
of it how you reframe something that was
traumatic the neurochemistry of that
which that one i remember is
and acetylcholine basically pops up
whenever there's a super high or a super
low and it focuses your attention um and
he's just all over the mechanisms of
change like how you prime yourself for
brain plasticity if you're older it was
just really [__] hype on it but the
problem was the internet was like off a
little bit so he'd freeze his mouth was
like a just a little bit out of sync and
then most importantly like those moments
where you want to ask a follow-up
question you can see in somebody's body
language or if they take a breath or if
they twitch and you're like oh they want
to ask me something so you stop so
otherwise i'd have to be like oh wait
but he couldn't hear because when you're
talking on skype but like
you don't quite [__] get it uh so it
was like i told him at the end of the
episode his name's um andrew huberman
really interesting guy stanford
professor [__] amazing and i was like
we've got to do this again in person um
and that was the first moment since this
kicked off where i was angry about the
fact that um we're having to isolate
because as an introvert i've not been
emotionally traumatized this has been
[__] amazing so economically
obviously an atrocity and i truly don't
wish this on anybody but
the fact that it's happening also has an
upside it's not all upside but
i think it's got a lot of upside man
that's definitely
uh
i i kind of i think i came out of my
cave
i've been hibernating for years and then
finally uh
this whole experience just like woke me
up man like i was i was kind of just
calling it in
if that makes sense you know sitting on
the sidelines kind of just being like
all right we have a business and i have
a podcast and we kind of have some stuff
and
you know
i i've never felt more excited or more
opportunistic and more optimistic now
than ever before that's cool man i've
seen the amount of content that you've
been putting out it's really
extraordinary
all stuff that i think is hyper usable
um i think it's rad why why are you so
driven by that like why is this a cool
moment for you
so i think there's a few different
pieces so it all started where the first
three days i think i lost a few hundred
thousand dollars in the stock market
and so like every morning i'm waking up
and i'm just like yo this really sucks
like i'm scared and i think every single
person now
uh i think everyone in the world knows
what it likes to knows what it's like to
be an entrepreneur which is some days
you're the best you're the queen of the
world and other days you're like a bum
uh and so that you know that's an
entrepreneurial journey but coronavirus
i think was i was so scared and then i
started thinking like how do i fix this
like how do i actually address this fear
um and i think what got me excited is
all right i started putting plans in
place and then i started realizing like
the coronavirus is so amazing because
it's an equalizer
coronavirus gives every single person
out who's stuck at home because every
single person famous poor
anybody you can think of
is stuck at home and it gives everyone a
chance to prove themselves
and this guy mitchell who i work with
you know the first few days i went to
him and i complained and i was like i
was looking for him to do the complain
party
you know that party where you do it you
want them to join you're like yo bro
come over here
and he did do it and what mitchell said
to me that that changed everything was
he said
i don't know if it's gonna be six months
or six years but this is going to end
and i want to look back thinking
i did everything possible to make this
time better
and and i think the the quota thing that
kind of stuck with me is like don't let
coronavirus go to waste
and so for me it's just been like all
right i'm not gonna let it go to waste
uh and i think a lot of people who got
fired awesome don't blame your boss he
just gave you a hookup they just blessed
you with freedom and now it's a chance
that you have a time you have time to go
do a lot of things and so uh there's
just so many good things going on with
it i know people are dying which is bad
and that part i don't like but i think
the money thing it's a good realization
of like hey are you actually that
important or not is your business that
important or not and if not let's go get
it fixed
yeah this is um this really is the
living example of you're gonna get more
of what you focus on because look there
is there's so there's real [__] going on
right now that i don't want people to
because i actually hedge my bets a
little bit when i talk about
the optimism or i talk about him an
introvert and part of this has actually
been really fun for me um i do hedge it
because in the background is i am also
legitimately afraid my wife um i'll put
her sort of loosely in the
immunocompromised group i'm terrified
that she will get this um i worry about
something happening to her and i don't
even want to say out loud obviously my
fear is i think very plain i think
people understand i don't even want to
say it out loud because it's like if you
get it you've got to fight and all that
but it's like i'm so supremely confident
that if i got it just my the sheer force
of will that i have i would get on the
other side of this um so that side is
real and it bums me out and i don't like
to think too much about it um but the
once i set aside so that's all the
hedging that i'm going to do i want
people to understand i am wildly aware
um fortunes will be lost i'm wildly
aware that the the only thing any of us
should really care about is lives are
going to be lost
but so now having said all that that i'm
not operating in a vacuum i will say
the [__] heroism is intoxicating like
watching people
go out and serve and do just beautiful
[__] for humanity is amazing any time
where the chess board gets turned over
like if you were losing that's the
greatest thing ever right because this
[__] is like you said it's a great
equalizer mother nature does not give a
[__] if you're rich if you're poor
nothing right but but what
unfortunately does care is skill set
oftentimes is determined by where you
grew up that [__] freaks me out now big
time the opportunity to get that skill
set is not determined by where you grew
up but as of right now certainly in
america and i would guess everywhere
your zip code is the is a far more
accurate predictor of your future
success in your iq so it's like ah now
that [__] freaks me out so anyway you
have a moment where the chess board's
been flipped over all the pieces are
[__] up in the air and for anybody
who's willing to identify the
opportunity and then develop the skill
set to go and do it
that's where this gets really [__]
interesting but if you're throwing the
pity party and you're looking at those
things to the exclusion of the potential
opportunities that'll be created then
you will see that it will it it is so
easy to find the negative in all of this
to look at it to see it if you're you
know you've been touched by it somebody
you know where love died like wow like
that that gets real easy so for people
to um choose
to focus on something that will like
getting fired i'll cool my boss just
gave me a hookup this is an opportunity
right
be very easy to see why you should be
panicking it's going to be a lot harder
to see why you should be stoked um so
that is
this moment right so the people that
stay level-headed and know what to look
for
well i think there's a few things that
are like i feel like the people who have
more should be giving and if you don't
have enough right now this is a chance
to ask and if you have more like right
now i feel like i'm everyone's
confidence cheerleader
and i have a lot right i'm not normally
always confident i'm not knowing i was
positive but i'm like i feel like i have
a lot around you know around mostly
around the business parts and i think
what most people are feeling is anxiety
right and people are uncertain and and
it's really coming down because they
don't have control like they didn't
control their job they didn't control
the virus and you know i think you got a
sulk i just got off the a call with a
guy who said he spent eight hours
straight watching netflix and he doesn't
have a job he just got fired
and i was like dude that's awesome
great like take eight hours go real deep
hit the bottom of the trough and now
let's come back up
and so i think the things that i've been
working on i think i know your audience
really appreciates this and i've just
been experimenting and figuring out okay
how do i reduce my fear how do i reduce
my anxiety how do i get more plans in
place because when you put a plan in
place which is what we've done in our
business and i've done i'm experimenting
in my personal to find what works for me
i get my control back i get my life back
and then it helps kind of like fluctuate
or reduce the fluctuation of my mood
swings so i'm not waking up i i you're
not waking up what oh no i'm not waking
up you know i was waking up at 7 00 a.m
talking to my stepfather for two to
three hours every morning saying like
hey the stock market thing you know my
mother's refusing to not go out she's
she's complaining that the gyms are
closed
uh you know a lot of anxiety and so it's
like all right how do i have more ways
to reduce my fear and so just coming up
with a lot of strategies for that
dude i think that's really smart this is
something i was talking to andrew
huberman about was so there's this thing
i forget the name of it there's initials
for it but basically if you rapidly move
your eyes from side to side it helps
people reduce negative emotion i was
like that is absolutely false um i was
like that's the most absurd thing i have
ever heard in my life when you take that
back right now
and he was like no he was like let me
tell you why he said that's what your
eyes are doing when you're moving
forward and he said regions of the brain
just have to like figure out how to
orient themselves how to know what to
reward and punish and he said they're
regions of your brain literally that's
what they do they reward you for some
things and he said there are other
aspects of your brain i mean we all know
this there are parts of your brain that
are pro-depressive they make you feel
badly about doing something and he said
one of the things you'll get rewarded
for is forward movement because if
you're on a hunt or you're pursuing
resources like you know throw this way
back into an evolutionary past and it
was like the brain had to reward certain
activities that were pro-survival and
one of those was going on a hunt was
moving forward to find you know the next
kill and he said as you do that you're
getting these things that move past you
and so your eye movement is clocking
these things as they move so as you move
your eyes from side to side it is the
equivalent of walking forward and he was
like so it it has he said four now very
high level papers have come out on the
topic and i thought this is actually
really interesting from so i've always
told entrepreneurs that action cures all
now that's me going um anecdotally i
will just tell you all the times where i
felt afraid i was [__] overwhelmed
like what is happening to me right now
is so overwhelming i can't say i have
the chills from thinking about how it
feels in those moments where you're so
[__] overwhelmed
and every single time just saying okay
i'm gonna take one thing and i'm gonna
just [__] do it i'm gonna go after
that i'm going to try to solve that one
problem and
the way that it shifts your brain is so
[__] powerful now i've always
thought of it from an uh sort of 30 000
foot view of it's taking you out of you
know being in the problem and it's
switching you into problem solving mode
and problem solving mode just feels
better
but hearing the brain mechanisms and the
um
the neurotransmitters and things that
are involved in actually making that
pleasurable and why it helps lift people
out of that depressive state is pretty
[__] powerful so control like going
back to what you were saying about
control man that is that is a really big
deal
it's big it's also confidence man like
if you lose your job and i always joke
you didn't lose your job you know where
it is you just don't have it anymore
it's it's not lost uh you just have to
you haven't found the right job or i
always like to think of it more as a
career
um and so i think you're really right
right with the confidence it's like you
need to get that w
uh and so like one of the things that
i've been doing throughout the day is a
thing called i've got two things that i
think uh that i've been using that i've
found really helpful one is a mood board
and so it's
it's not just anything do you want to
feel or tracking the mood tracking so i
do i literally just do this throughout
the day i just created a note it's
nothing fancy i didn't pay for any
software and so i have a thing called
mood in my notes and throughout the day
i generally do it in the morning it's
blurring it out so we can't see you have
to hold it by your face
hold it on campus yeah wow i love doing
that no there we go for a brief second
cool got it
all right so what's on my mood board and
i think everyone should be doing this
because i don't know i'll just say it's
helping me uh and i can recommend it so
what i do is in the morning or whatever
time of day i'm checking in how's my
mood like number one like day is the
worst day ever five literally like yo
this is the best day ever then i write
why right so today it was because i had
coffee i'm gonna talk to you i made bone
broth
i did my hebrew i have some of my
checklist stuff so i started the day
right
and then the most important part is the
next column which is if you're not at a
five what are you gonna do about it
right now and so my only thing today was
keep going
just keep going but uh yesterday i felt
like crap uh it was a three in the
morning
so i said stop playing chess because i
was playing a lot of chess and losing uh
and it made me really upset so i said go
do some push-ups right now and focus on
your daily checklist so
the the mood board has been really
powerful and then i've been doing a
thing called geby which i think we
talked about a long time ago yeah i
don't know
we did because i i don't remember what
it is so this would be a good refresher
but i remember you
introducing me to that
string of syllables which i had never
heard before
well so the mood board is one something
it's free you could do it instantly and
it really just helps you identify like
what's going on and how can i improve it
immediately how can i get that w the
gabby and what i'm trying to accomplish
is how can every morning start out great
like having a conversation is gabby an
acronym yeah it's gratitude exercise
breakfast and you yes yeah so every
every single day in the morning i'm like
yo what am i grateful for and so it's
generally most of the times most of my
gratefulnesses are really stupid
um like sometimes it'll be cuddling in
bed
it's not like uh feeling good at home i
got a treadmill desk this is yesterday's
treadmill desk and the sun
uh so gratitude exercise do something
i've been doing this really fast before
you move off yeah and i do want to hear
about the push-up thing because your
goal is insane but um
one thing i think that's really
interesting because i'm not the same so
in terms of my gratitude stuff it's
usually really simple [__] like
being grateful for success and whatever
is wonderful and but you just sort of
end up repeating it whereas when you get
into the smaller things it's like
different you realize [__] like my whole
life is actually a bunch of textures of
like um lisa i looked over at her first
thing in the morning i wasn't expecting
her to be awake and she just [__]
beamed me with this smile right like
[__] like that really hit me so having
things like that is is super important
um
one thing that
i want people to really really think
about and get perspective is okay
through all of this and look i'm not i'm
not a doomsday person at all but i think
you have to run the scenarios right so
we're living through something right now
where the scenarios could get pretty
gnarly it could end with
banking collapsing it could end with
people riding in the streets like it's
i'll say a low
probability but it's on the spectrum of
of things that could happen
um and so i thought okay well why
doesn't that give me a tremendous spike
of anxiety and there are two reasons
one because i believe that if you have
the right skill set you can always
rebuild and i find tremendous comfort in
that so going back to your confidence
and control it's like because i know
that i know how to learn and i can get a
skill set that goes wherever i need it
to go and i know that i have the
discipline to follow it through i know
that i have a willingness to take action
so that things don't overwhelm me it's
just like i've learned all these things
about me through going through
horrendous periods of my life and i see
how i act in moments of crisis cool so
i'm i'm very confident that i will
handle myself well even if i have to
build from scratch
number two is that when i really think
about the things that um
that influence my internal state in a
direction that i want them to be so my
one to five right like what are the
things that are gonna take me into a
five oftentimes it's really simple [__]
lease is a big part of it right so being
able to be around her to touch her to
be supported by her those are huge but
then even setting the human thing aside
if i have access to
books man and i'll take a ratty version
that i got for a quarter at a used
bookstore i'm fine but like
books access to
movies like if you give me
books i like to read and a [__]
netflix account it's like
at the end of the day even if i had to
watch it like on a cheap phone like
there there is a level of joy that those
relatively simple things bring me um
that's pretty extraordinary and because
i have taken
um
very intentional sort of account of what
are the things that i love
doing like right there in that moment
i'm totally swallowed by that thing
maybe for some people it's a cup of
coffee for me it is a dope like i'm
really into japanese manga so reading
like some sick manga or reading like a
fiction book sci-fi especially or
watching a movie like dude those things
are so gnarly to me they take me when
they're good they take me all the way to
a five like the the days that i was
reading the last book that just [__]
owned me was um
ready player one
and dude every day that i had that book
in my hands was a five it was just so
rad so when you know like oh cool the
things i can default to are super cheap
and
you know in the case of a book like have
high degrees of survivability there's
something
there that i find deep comfort in
i think the the thing i was curious for
you is like what makes a great day
because i think for people out there
that like have no confidence now right
now like anything in the morning that's
what i do gabby and some of these other
things we can talk about because you
need confidence you need to get some
things that like make your bed where
it's tiny but you're like i feel better
at myself now i can go to something else
but like for you now like how how what
does your day look like for like that's
a five because i think some people what
i've tried what i've been even more
intentional lately is what elements make
a great day and how much am i actually
putting that in my day
yes that that's the right question so
for me the answer is my writing days are
my favorite days
and i've constructed them to be almost
orgy astically joyful
so i am going to borrow that word please
so i am psychotic with discipline
discipline is one of my superpowers so
i can make a random tuesday the best
night ever by breaking out of my
discipline right so if i said on a
tuesday i'm gonna have a bowl of ice
cream and there's a reason for it i
could make it a celebration and put some
time and attention on it and do it with
my wife and like but it's just a bowl of
ice cream right and so for somebody who
eats a bowl of ice cream every day it
wouldn't be necessarily that meaningful
so for people that don't know what my
normal life looks like so i basically
work seven days a week
i'm trying to build something that is so
big it's probably absurd and
it is um very obviously challenging and
difficult and certainly given the
circumstances
i have a lot of people vying for my time
so as much as i try to not be needed in
the company there's just inevitably a
certain number of things that
i'm the right person to address
when you're doing as many things as
we're doing even if it's a small number
even if only you know half a percent of
each person's needs end up pointing back
at me there's 25 people in the company
so you can see how very quickly it's
like i have one or two things from every
person every day that needs something so
wednesdays i've carved out where i say
look this is my writing day
don't put anything on my schedule
i don't allow myself to drink much soda
i just try to keep it to drinks that
have been
you know being consumed for thousands of
years i figured the the safety there is
much higher but
which is that alcohol coffee no i
suppose wine probably but i'm just like
the monks i was thinking about
something
no no for me it's just coffee um so i
normally just drink coffee but on a
wednesday on my riding day i have this
special like little almost like crushed
ice and i'll have a mini diet coke that
[__] [__] sets my day like to a great
place so i work out in the morning
i get to write all day creative stories
and here's what's important for me the
stories have to be building towards
something so i'm trying to build the
next disney so writing stories that help
me do that
have we not talked about this before
not recently that's so funny this
literally my whole life for the last i
don't know six years has been about
building disney so um
writing the stories they're the stories
that we want to tell to build the kind
of studio that we want to build so i
feel like whoa this story could really
touch live so it isn't just writing
which i do love in and of itself but it
is something that leads to something
that's a huge thing for me in terms of
meaning and purpose and i like building
things so
writing a story that's going to go on to
do something and having my little vice
of a diet coke and with the like special
little eye you're so naughty tom i know
it's terrible right so but these are the
like that's a five like even just
describing it to you now it's like i'm
getting excited because tomorrow's
wednesday so it's like i'm so looking
forward to it and i've i've really had
to do very little things because know
thyself right i know me i know those
things that really make me feel good
they get me excited i look forward to
them and you know i have to be very
intentional to carve that space out um
so that my team knows look wednesday is
the day just
leave him be
he's working on the creative um and so
it isn't they're not a hundred percent
about it but for the most part it's like
that day is sort of walled off and i can
have
the perfect day
once a week every week
why don't you try to do more of that
like four days a week epic and one day a
week kind of because like i did a thing
last week we're doing a variety show i
just thought everyone stuck at home so i
was like why don't i try to recruit
people who are unemployed and pay them
and have them come entertain people for
free
and i spent like two days recruiting
people
and then we did the show and like i
couldn't no i wasn't able to get any of
the guests i wanted so i ended up just
playing their videos i played their
youtube videos
uh
and i just was really disappointed in
myself i didn't think i put on a great
show
and i was like well what's really wrong
here and i was like well i know what my
superpower is right like i love
entertaining i love raw i love promoting
but mitchell on our team is a great
organizer he's a great recruiter he's
kind of like your christopher
and i was like mitchell you spend more
time over there which you like i'm gonna
spend more time in my area and so um
i think with you i wonder how do you get
more time three days a week doing your
epicness and maybe two days a week doing
the the less epic well i'll give you the
answer to that so
um that's not my only path to five so my
weekends are usually five so that's
already three days right there so the
weekends i only do work that's fun um so
i literally if it unless if it's like
really house on fire sure but for the
most part i try to save any work that i
have to do on the weekends it's all the
things that i enjoy the in and of itself
doing um so that helps a lot and then on
the weekends my priority isn't actually
the business so even though i work most
weekends my priority is my wife um and
so oh yeah right now because we're on
lockdown i get one day just with my wife
and then my sister who's actually
quarantined with us five out of seven
days is here um on sundays so saturday
is totally dedicated to my wife and then
sunday is like family day where the
three of us are all together uh we watch
movies we play video games the three of
us actually play the same video game uh
it is inordinate amounts of fun
so it's destiny 2.
uh unfortunately even though it's a aaa
title it's yeah compared to like uh the
oh god fortnite and stuff it's much much
much smaller but still very very are you
playing any uh are you playing oculus
i had an oculus
um and i had done some of the really
rudimentary stuff but i know that you
box with oculus if i'm not mistaken dude
i love the oculus block well
i'll talk about the game stuff but first
thing i was i'm thinking if i'm an
audience member i'm like all right tom
worked at this company he's made some
money the guy's pretty wealthy at this
point
why is he having any non-fun work
because i think a lot of people say they
look at me and they say okay he's he's
got some money they look at tom's like
god that guy's got a lot of money and
you kind of imagine like why isn't every
day just perfect like it's interesting
that you actually add that to your life
because i think a lot of people assume
that you get to some level and you've
removed it
i think if you do that you're really in
trouble so this is a concept i've heard
you talk about so i know that you're
you're on the same board um
it's really about fulfillment so i'm not
chasing momentary happiness um and there
is like a diet coke is momentary
happiness there's zero fulfillment to
that and so it does play into
uh hedonistic five day but really i'm
looking for
a month to be
fulfilling so a lot of times fulfillment
is born out of suffering it's doing
something [__] hard i hate working
out but i do it five days a week
because it makes me feel strong it
actually makes me strong
it keeps me feeling young it gives me
energy it gives me the look that i want
the health benefits all that so it's
something that's important to me that i
do and i'm also proud of myself for
doing it because it's hard because i
don't want to do it but it has these you
know leads towards a goal that i want so
i think that
as you have said very eloquently in the
past people should be chasing
fulfillment so fulfillment is a it's
it's a way harder game to define or to
get people to understand because any one
day like part of what makes me proud of
myself and to feel deeply fulfilled is
that i don't let boredom stop me so to
build what i want to build so jeff bezos
summed this up perfectly he said every
job
every job has some amount of overhead so
there's going to be some amount of doing
things you don't want to do right and it
just is what it is and so i routinely
check my life for things that i don't
like doing and i don't need to do and i
try to eliminate all of those but
there's a lot of stuff where i'm like
yeah to get what i want in the long run
to help the people i want to help to
serve in the way that i want to serve i
have to [__] do this and so i just do
it and i'm actually even though the in
the moment it's not fun
at a higher level it is makes me proud
of myself and so that feeling is rad
you know i had a so i had my assistant
jamie uh go through all of your shows
and find your most popular ones then
figure out what are the elements
and so she came back and that's kind of
what we structured a lot of like the
content and things i wanted to make sure
i shared because i know what your
audience likes to hear
but uh the two things that i thought
were interesting i'm curious how you
address them is one your superpower is
discipline i think a lot of people that
maybe got lost their jobs maybe don't
have a business yet maybe don't have
even or a job they just like i don't
think everyone needs to be an
entrepreneur
but what do they do if their superpower
is not disciplined um you know maybe
let's start with that and then
i think the other thing that like i i
was asking mitchell i said what do i do
that you find unique and he's like you
just do stuff you don't really always
think about it
[Laughter]
and so jamie actually said she started
listening to your summoner shows and she
said i am gonna go take action now
and so that was something that i i
thought was exciting and figuring out
like you know together me and you like
how do we encourage more of your
audience and i have an idea what we can
talk about a little bit how to get them
to take more action so i'm curious for
your thoughts with that with like how do
people who it's discipline is not their
superpower and maybe we can brainstorm
uh how to get these people to all right
let's go take action as well to some of
that discipline it's interesting i think
you and i are the one to punch on this
that people need so here's how i view us
so the side that i attack it from is
internally what's going on with you and
what are you going to have to overcome
what are you going to have to believe
and value
the neuro um chemicals that you're going
to have to learn to corral and harness
and point um that that's my game right
um your game is
you you think this is complicated but
this is deadly simple and
when people listen to you it's like
oh my god your brilliance is in the
simplicity of
do this like the thing you've become
famous for which is one of literally a
thousand things that you could be known
for because they are all as amazing as
the next but the whole go get discount
on your next coffee or tea right
it really stuck with people and it stuck
with people because it's so simple and
so powerful and it shakes you out of
your normal frame of well the price is
there on the board and that's it and i
follow that rule and don't even realize
it's a rule and so you shake people out
of that so
um the way that i think about it to
answer your very specific question
because i actually think they then have
to follow it with your like go do this
um is
you have to realize if you don't have
discipline like i wasn't born with
discipline i've developed discipline
because i could see its utility so
people look at me and if you want to
know what i was born with because most
people probably are born with something
that's a quote-unquote gift they didn't
do a lot to earn it my verbal ability i
didn't do a lot to earn now i've done a
lot to
sharpen it and i've put
easily thirty thousand hours worth of
effort into my ability to articulate
ideas to be captivating um you know to
to do this which of course i didn't know
anything about social media or that it
would ever exist but because it was so
good in so many other areas i just
really poured myself into it so i'm a
kid that found speech and debate when i
was in the seventh grade and so i
started going hard at that point um i
began to
realize that writing is very much like
being able to think and speak so those
two things came together so i put a lot
of time and energy into that as well i
wanted to be a stand-up comic so i've
spent an unimaginable amount of time in
front of a mirror with a hairbrush um
performing routines
so i've put a lot of time so
anything where you're like well sure
it's easy for you because it's verbal
cool i'm loving that
now on the on everything else that
people look at and say well uh it's easy
for you to be an entrepreneur because
you know you were probably born with
that literally zero i had zero
entrepreneurial instincts or abilities
um i didn't have discipline in fact
discipline was the one thing i really
lacked i had big dreams i've always been
a big dreamer but i didn't have the
drive to see things through so i had to
learn that which was not easy because i
wanted to i mean my my mom quietly
assumed i was going to fail when i left
for college because she was like you're
so lazy and i was and that wasn't like
her being mean or misidentifying me i
really was lazy i really am lazy to be
like be excellent at something tom right
and so what i found to um to finally
answer the question you actually asked
is i realized okay discipline is
useful
it's a skill i need
and by that point i had realized
everything is a process desire is a
process love is a process and so i just
had to walk the the process of building
desire
because having the desire for something
will make the discipline really easy so
building up desire i found was the key
so going through the process of building
desire and then rewarding myself like
crazy for being disciplined and then
discipline became this sort of thing
that every time i was disciplined i felt
so good about myself and because of that
i had this thing that i really wanted
and i got to reward myself emotionally
every time i stayed focused didn't go
party i just did that thing i got to
tell myself the story about who i was
that felt good and you put those two
things together and now all of a sudden
i'm disciplined
i i'm curious to follow up to this which
is
one of the things i've always believed
is it's really easy to get what you want
when you know what you want yes but
knowing what you want and you label the
desire which i even think it sounds so
sexy um but i think the hard part is how
the hell do you figure out what you want
yeah right because to get it i think
once you know your destination you're
like oh i just drive this way and so
like one one thing i did this year and
then i'm curious how you did i did a
fantasy
so like uh i just fantasy year would
look like
yeah i just wrote up i was like you know
noah i wasn't feeling good and you know
some other personal things and so i was
like what is the craziest year that i
could possibly have
and i just started writing my fantasy
and
it was like some of the things are like
go to oktoberfest wear all the outfits
and have a crazy thing um our business
is this one thing that i couldn't even
believe our business is this um i get a
new bike that i love i mean some of it's
small some of it is like okay dork
reaches 10 times the audience and then i
think from running at the fantasy i
started really thinking okay well what
did this really matters
and then it was easy to be like all
right maybe that kind of helped me
understand where my desires were going
so i don't know i guess how would you
encourage or how have you explored where
like the studio is that just a childhood
thing or that recently and like other
things that you've you're desired well
now you're getting you're getting into
probably the most profound example of
how i built
desire in a way that even caught me off
guard um so all right so i believe
everything is a process right if you
want to fall in love well you better go
on a date you better find somebody that
you're attracted to
i don't believe in love at first sight
so even if you're deeply compelled
there's something about that person
pheromones their look their laugh
whatever find yourself incredibly drawn
to them that isn't love so love to me
needs to be reciprocated it can be
certainly infatuation if it's a one-way
street so all right you go in these
dates you find somebody that you're
attracted to you begin to build trust
you build a real relationship that's
back and forth there's intimacy there's
all these things you have to be doing
things all along the way communicating
proximity getting near each other um you
know doing all the things that you need
to do to build a bond okay i say all of
that just to demystify love for a second
so people can see that even as a process
so now with quest i
my first like real passion was
filmmaking then my second passion was
getting rich and i spent a long time
trying to get rich and i'll give
everybody the punchline
you will live the cliche of money can't
buy happiness i wish it weren't so but
it is so so the pursuit of money without
the pursuit of meaning will leave you
emotionally bankrupt so don't bother um
let me have learned that lesson for you
so then i go okay well then what is
going to be my connection point to my
next business you know passion what's
going to be the passion
what am i going to because passion is a
process so how do i take something put
it at the center of my soul and make it
real that quest it was i wanted to save
my mom and my sister they were morbidly
obese i wanted to
basically make food that they could
choose based on taste and it happened to
be good for them and so translated into
a business
statement we wanted to end metabolic
disease okay cool so through my mom and
my sister i really made that meaningful
and important to me
now flash forward i spent so much time
and energy it was almost a decade at
quest um spent so much time and energy
on that like the only glowing ember at
the center of my soul was ending
metabolic disease so now what i'm going
to pivot i'm going to do something else
okay well it's going to be storytelling
for reasons i won't bother you with
right now
and going back to my first love which is
filmmaking but filmmaking in and of
itself is a thing you do it's not
meaning so what's going to be the
meaning that i assigned to because i
already know has to be meaningful so i
was like all right here's something i've
been thinking about for a while a big
brother for this kid rashaan a big
brother for eight and a half years and i
failed to save him from his zip code so
um his life was turning out exactly the
way one would expect from growing up
where he grew up and that made me very
sad but i was young and stupid when i
knew him and
could do nothing other than show him
somebody loved and cared for him
but that really bothered me
and now at quest i had 3 000 employees
about a thousand of them grew up hard
like rashaan had so
i was like [__] man i don't want to let
the same thing happen to these people
they're in my life there's got to be a
way for me to impact them and so this
whole notion of like how am i going to
impact them what am i going to do so i
begin to conceptualize building a media
company because if you want to impact
people at scale it's got to be at an
emotional level you're never going to
hit them at a logical level so
um neuroscientists will tell you the way
that humans assimilate truly disruptive
information is through storytelling we
need something to hit us at a limbic
level right it's why the art form
storytelling there is not a single
culture that doesn't happen so we tell
stories to open people's minds to get
them to take in lessons and things that
will end up serving you and so i was
like cool that's what i'm gonna do now
how do i marry uh just insane amount of
intention and meaning to this and i said
this is my chance to
basically impact people in the way that
i was unable to impact rashaan so
there's this whole thing called the age
of imprinting it's 11 to 15 which is
exactly when i knew rashaan i met him
when he was eight years old so i met him
in this window where i could have
changed the course of his life and
didn't but step number one was admitting
that i had failed rashaan even now dude
it makes me emotional to talk about that
because i spent a lot of time saying hey
yes you showed him that somebody loved
him and that's [__] awesome and you
should be very proud of that
but you did fail to take
help him take his life in an area that
would have worked out better for him and
so owning that i had failed him and that
i didn't want to fail more people and
that i didn't want anybody to get to the
age of 15 without encountering the
growth mindset now i'm saying all this
not diminishing my sense of self i'm not
you know feeling badly about who i am
i'm so proud that i tried and that with
the what i knew at that time i did what
i could um but i'm not hiding from the
fact that i did not get the outcome that
i desired so in talking about that and
telling other people hey i failed this
kid i failed this kid and i don't want
to fail more people hey i'm building the
studio let me tell you why i'm building
the studio because i really believe that
we can embed some really amazing ideas
and just entertaining [__] and i said
imagine if one studio had made star wars
the matrix karate kid rocky iv rocky one
like all these [__] just rad you can
do it [__] you just have to
believe like come on and
because yoda changed my life yoda led me
to taoism and taoism literally laid the
foundation for me from like 14 to 25. it
was
i mean when people ask what's the gift
that you or the book you've gifted the
most in your life for sure for me it was
the sheen i [__] used to give that
thing out like candy so like that was
just it it really laid this foundation
for the way that i think which led me to
a growth mindset which then changes my
entire life so it's like i really
believe in the power of storytelling to
incept people and i had to start telling
myself a story about what rashaan now
meant and what that failure was and my
opportunity to help people if you watch
a video just you search my name plus
master plan you'll get a youtube video
that comes up and you will see the
result because 10 years ago if you'd
asked me about rashaan i would talk just
like i'm talking now there was a sense
of like oh man i'm really bummed out but
like it was a beautiful thing for him it
was you know wonderful for me to to
truly give to somebody he there was
nothing he could have given me in return
other than love right it was just me
trying to look after a kid that was in a
really shitty situation and so anyway it
becomes beautiful and is one of the
reasons that i truly understand what it
means to have children
long way of saying watch that video
you'll see how an avalanche a
tidal wave of emotion hit me which i
wasn't expecting i could have predicted
it but i just wasn't expecting it
because that was the end process of me
telling people hey i failed this kid
this is what this all means to me
knowing this is the process this is the
process of making it mean something is
saying it to myself articulating it to
other people doing what i'm doing now
which is embodying it right elevating my
emotions feeling it like really letting
myself feel it and you do that over and
over and over and it becomes real right
in the beginning it was a little bit of
bs it was like i am going to knowingly
take this thing from my past and reshape
it so that it becomes very meaningful
and current in my life now today
and in doing that it
now i have rewired my brain to think
about all of that with these heightened
emotions
well i think number one
you tried with well i i
yoda i know personally sometimes i don't
like the word try
um i'm curious with you the the two
things i would i'm observing uh that you
said one
it took you 10 years to get rich and
longer than that i think some people are
starting businesses or watch you because
they want inspiration and they're like i
instantly want to be wealthy or have a
side hustle and i'm like
i don't know if you guys heard it took
over 10 years so if you're really commit
10 years
uh second thing you said you have just
gigantic visions
i'm like you know i'm going to try to
sell 10 bananas you know tom's like i'm
going to try to fix uh this diet
in the whole world and so i think that
is something that to people need aspire
for
three another thing you said
you made me you maybe reflect
on
i was doing something i was trying to
recruit these variety people
a few weeks before and i failed at it
right like people were saying yes to me
and i i was disappointed in myself
and then like about an hour later
i was like oh this is just a test to see
if i really want it
this is just a test right and so i think
we have these tests do you really care
to help do this the studio do you really
care to help fix the diet and then it's
just a reflection for you to say yes i
do or no i really didn't i didn't have
the conviction for it um i am curious if
you could go back to rashaan like is
there anything you could have done
differently yes
unfortunately if i knew what i knew now
uh
yes so the
the very sad news so i was very young
when this happened this is me trying to
feel less badly about it um
i was 18 when i met him
unfortunately he was being abused
and i didn't know and he just kept
begging me to live with me let me live
with you let me live with you dude i'm
broke at this point and i'm just like
man i can't dude like i'm [__] broke
i'm in college like uh
you know what i mean so the way that my
relationship with him went he was
supposed to be an eight week extra
credit assignment where i go in and
tutor him at his school and he was a
problem child and at week six you're
supposed to tell him hey i'm only coming
for two more weeks i told him he went
absolutely insane i'd literally never
seen a human act that unhinged before
and finally i calm him down i'm like is
this because i said i was only coming
for two more weeks and he was like yes
and i said all right look man i'll make
you a promise because he was really hard
to deal with when i was there he was
like [__] all over the place and
wouldn't do his homework it was a
nightmare and he would end up keeping me
i was supposed to be there for an hour a
day and keep me for two because when i
said i have to leave he would beg me to
stay and then he would actually do his
homework
so i said all right look i'll make you a
deal as long as i live in los angeles i
will help you with your homework as long
as you do it as soon as i get here is it
a deal he said yes and that became an
eight and a half year relationship now
in that eight and a half years he was
begging me to live with me i couldn't
understand why
and
he couldn't articulate why he was eight
so it's like i didn't put it together
and
he finally got taken out of his home
because he was being beaten
and
he
made me the guardian of the court to
help him into foster care so i get a
call one day like this is rashaan's
attorney um he has requested that you be
his guardian and i was like holy [__]
so then i helped him into foster care
all this if i had
um just just being honest like if i had
taken him into my home at that point or
earlier
he would have been a thousand times
better off if for no other reason then i
was [__] trying to figure it out so i
would have been like yo i don't have all
the answers i'm trying to [__] figure
it out and so i ultimately do end up
figuring it out getting my life together
and going on and having success and by
the time he and i reconnected it was it
just
he was already in a bad place so um
that i have decided to allow that to
haunt me in fact i've decided to force
that to haunt me um because it's very
powerful
um i hope one day i can be useful to him
as well
i've tried to get in contact um
we'll see but it's uh yes
i would be lying if i said there was
nothing that i could have done
so stuff
yeah life is like that so um dude one
thing that i think is really
extraordinary about your style is you
are so tactical and you're so able to
mitigate um
that gap between wasting your time
because you think your idea is rad and
really being able to assess like just
through systems and simple questions
whether something is going to work or
not but rather than go down that because
you and maybe you give that as the
example but i want to know more how you
think like how did you end up here you
have you are um
if you're wasting time thinking you're
average let me just stop you right there
you've developed this extraordinary
mindset that even i find myself going
okay i'm thinking about something new i
really need to bathe in noah's content
for a minute to make sure i'm thinking
you have like a first principles
approach so
how is it that you think like that is it
mom just
told you this is the way to think is it
you
mushroom trips
what is it there are some mushroom trips
that have happened well i'll say there's
different ways to access parts i mean i
think a lot of us are
you're influenced by a lot of different
things the first thing that comes to
mind my parents um
what did they get you specifically like
what were they teaching you yeah i'll
tell you the first thing my dad taught
me is to ask
and so the coffee challenge is asking
for a discount 10 off anywhere on any
purchase really and then realizing after
you ask you're still alive and so
in all things in our life
it's good to ask i remember my dad we
would go
man there's been so many crazy stories
we go we're at a garage sale there's a
guy
about to buy this rug and my father he's
from israel oh yeah i want the rug the
guy's like one i'm buying it he's like
how much you're buying it for uh
whatever fifty dollars more than him
and i'm a little kid i think i'm eight
years old and i was just i don't know
shared this right i was like i was so
embarrassed and the guy the guy who's
buying he's like dude i'm buying he's
like 50 more and then the guy leaves
right
and my dad goes
and so that's just one example right
like that was a lot of my life but i
think what it taught me he came to
america didn't speak english like
learned all this stuff and he made a lot
of his own mistakes which i think
haunted me in a good way
um
and so that i really think asking is
just like almost everything in life
and i think the thing for my mom that's
made me somewhat unique
in my own way is it just perseverance
this lady just does not stop and it's
it's on one hand you're like it's
annoying as hell but the the you know
perseverance is one of the you know one
of my favorite quotes that she says is
the squeaky wheel gets the grease and so
she is so damn persistent like uh she a
buddy of mine says persistence beats
resistance
and i don't think i think i'm above
average intelligence i wouldn't say i'm
like top ten i've always thought of
myself as a b-plus kind of guy
and
but i think what differentiates me is
that i think i just do it
and so that that is what i i try to
encourage other people is that hey if
you didn't like your job great let's do
something about it um i'm not perfect in
all things i have a lot of my own
mistakes
um
i think that makes me unique i think
another thing that that happened
recently that that's helped me in terms
of me can be muted because i think i'm
pretty good at saying okay well what was
wrong and how do i fix it so the
iterations get better uh and so i asked
mitchell he we did a q1 review on our
team for all our podcasts and youtube
and he said he's like can you give me
feedback and so i gave him feedback
and um a day later or later in that day
i texted him i was like yo man can i get
some feedback
because i was like who am i to think i'm
a better that i've i'm i'm done right
like i i figured it all out and he
started giving me some of this feedback
like he and and at first i was like [__]
you man
like you know like i'm the boss like you
know but then like a second later i was
like dude this is a gift like how
awesome is this like he is helping me
improve and live a better life and so
i think that you know those are some of
the things um i think ultimately like if
so it's those pieces feedback asking
persistence and i think from a
professional's perspective
um i think i just do a really good job
like following my curiosity
can you guys example like how you chase
it down because that's one of those
people say that a lot and i yeah i know
what you mean and it is super powerful
um but yeah give me an example
yeah so we can do like business and
non-business so in non-business i like
exercising i want to feel healthy but i
just got bored of going to the gym
like yes i always felt like i'm in
prison like i'm all with all these
sweaty guys that were stuck in this
metal box lifting things and putting it
down and so i was like i want to be
healthy but like what other things can i
do to get the to get the outcome like
the goal or the functionality i want
without having to go to a gym and so i
just started exploring and so one of the
things i ended up on was boxing
and so i tried a lot of variations of
boxing um and i eventually found like a
trainer that lives locally in austin and
i do training with him and now we're not
doing it so i'm doing virtual training
on my oculus there's an app called box
vr
and so i think that was it's a journey
though i don't know if that ever ends in
terms of the curiosity and the curiosity
evolves like but i think one of the
things that helps with curiosity is also
having like a reason for it like i
wanted to be healthy the desire or
another thing for me is that i had a
desire to learn hebrew to speak to my
dad's family
and so i kind of explored how to best
learn uh hebrew and so i've you know
found my own way that that works for me
i'd love to know what what way did you
find not to derail us too much oh no no
you could get your own we can talk
curiosity in business too i have a lot
of examples that's my whole career has
been professionally been crossing but in
hebrew
i think number one you have to have a
goal
and so i dude i was i was i did
ayahuasca and i was um
i love white people love saying they did
ayahuasca but uh you know i'm on the
ground and i'm on the mat and i'm scared
of the dark i realized and i need to
work through that and i'm on the ground
and i'm like sinking in the ground in
the coffin and i'm looking at my dad and
he's speaking hebrew to me and i was
like is he actually there or no
he's no he was he's passed away oh [__]
in the
yeah but in the in the trip during the
the trip i'm like seeing him and i was
like oh we're speaking hebrew like this
thing that i'm studying
matters like it it's there's a purpose
for it and i felt just connected to him
in that and so my goal my desire is
crazy strong and so how i learned it
over the years
i think what what people don't do in
learning is they don't take
responsibility for their learning
they blame the person or they blame the
book but if they have a goal that's fine
but now how do you do the process of
learning so i experiment with a lot of
different things
um
over the ways i think i'll just
highlight some of the things that make a
difference number one i think if you
don't put at least two hours a week into
something you will not improve when i
noticed i did an hour
a week or about an hour i stayed the
same
so if you're not putting a minimum two
hours it just didn't change i was like
at the same level
and then i think you have to figure out
your learning style
so for me what i found is i need
structure
and then i need like micro learning so i
have structure in that twice a week i
have a structured program with opan.com
and there's a bunch of sites now for
learning languages like italki or
preplea take lessons there's a lot of
these but they have like are those sites
with humans that are teaching you yeah
so also i actually put out a video
yesterday i was saying here's 10 sites
that if you want to run a side business
or an online business side hustles go to
these sites if you can speak english you
can get customers
and so i went to italki in the beginning
and i tried a lot of things out i tried
italki i tried a local teacher in austin
i've tried different apps and things
like that i've tried podcasts i've tried
youtube but what works for me is twice a
week for two hours with a teacher in
israel and they have a structured class
and then every minute
every day i do five minutes on an app a
vocab app
and so that's kind of what i've i've
found to work for me now and guess what
in a year it could still probably change
one people love apps so i will show the
app i use not for the not for the hebrew
i use drops by the way for the hebrew
it's called drops
it drops a word each day uh and then you
can test the words but the thing that's
actually more interesting is this app
called strides and it's totally free
this guy's awesome it's like this solo
dude founder in the midwest but
basically it's a checklist of all the
things i want to get done every day no
matter what
so this is like my gabby like what i was
talking about this is like a checklist
of the geby stuff so hebrew i want to do
the vocab stuff three times a week and
so i did it this morning
and i've been trying really hard and
it's getting better that every morning
before i enjoy my rewards i do my like
core gaby stuff so i do some push-ups
let me talk about my push-up challenge i
do my hebrew i read my daily goals and
my like mantra
um drink certain amount of water so i'm
trying to do as much of that before i
can start enjoying like goofy like to me
playing chess lately has been an
obsession maybe not healthy
but it's like you can't play your fun
thing until you do your your hard work
to you know maybe some of your suffering
i love that man so um bringing it back
to curiosity you said yeah some business
examples
well i mean
i think if anyone wants to start any
business if anyone wants to work at any
company all you have to do is just go
look at what you're already enjoying
and so i that's all i've done in my
career so i was an r.a in the dorm and
everyone was getting on facebook and i
saw the power for me about how much
enjoy i got out of connecting and
flirting and talking to buddies and
posting stuff
so while i was bored as hell at intel
trying to like quit that company i just
applied for the job and so it was i i
thought is this a big enough problem yes
connecting the entire world do i
personally want to work on it yes and so
the money part was secondary and every
time i've kind of put money first and
try to just make money personally it
hasn't worked for me and i flame out
really easily um and then my whole
career like mint.com which is the second
company i really went to i love personal
finance
i love it it's like dude and the fact
that we could build a product that would
change the world's personal finance i i
like i enforced my way into that company
he actually rejected me from getting
that job but i basically said hey
this is a cool story i came to him and i
said
i know you don't want to hire me he said
no so i put together a 90-day actionable
plan and i said i'm going to do every
single thing on this plan and you could
pay me the salary or this hourly and
after 90 days if you actually really
like it you can offer me a full-time job
and so he accepted i killed it in the 90
days i don't like the word killed it i
did very well and then after 90 days he
offered me a full-time job
that's incredible
yeah so do you think about people who
aren't willing to do things for free
i don't know i just see where it gets
you
i think you have to try it out for
yourself like lately i've been thinking
about that i've had two people
um
i've had two people who work for me who
are now very good salaries and i think
they have great lives and they both
started for free one of them i was at
the arnold bodybuilding classic
and he's like hey you're noah i think
i've seen your stuff blah blah he's like
hey if you ever want me to take photos
of you i could do headshots of you in
the entire office and the rest of your
company this is a guy named brandon
wells and i was like oh yeah sure so he
comes over takes head shots they look
awesome
and he sends it out for free and i was
like that's cool he's like hey you're
doing youtube i think this is a few
years ago he's like you're doing youtube
i'm like yeah he's like
i'm a filmmaker i could just do a free
youtube for you and so one brandon sucks
at business that's a whole nother
episode we could do but two i was like
sure so we did the youtube video and
then i was like well hey can i pay you a
few thousand bucks a month to just keep
doing this with me he's like yeah that's
fine and so that is transition now he's
the full-time youtube uh video appsumo
maker so for appsumo he does all video
and then mitchell just as well
mitchell's the guy who's now like
running an executive producer of
okdork.com he basically hit me up an
email and he said hey i know you're
doing a charity bike ride we do this
charity bike ride
to give laptops to kids
and he's like hey i'll just volunteer at
one of the rest stops
i was like and he's like do you need any
other help i'm like yeah can you pick up
tacos because obviously we have we have
tacos and margaritas on our ride it's
more of a party with a ride and so he
went and did that and then i was doing
the next ride i said hey do you want to
help organize he's like yeah i can
organize a lot
and then he from that he's now full-time
executive producing youtube podcast blog
like helping out entire business the
guy's like a total stud
and so i don't think you have to work
for free i think what you should do is
if you're not working if you're not
employed if you're not having anything
what i've always personally found
valuable is go work for free
until you get too busy and then start
asking for money and it's also a great
way a lot of people are saying no i
always feel they're scared of rejection
that's why the coffee challenge is great
because they don't want to get rejected
and so work for free because then you
can't get rejected
and then from there once you've worked
for free and you're so busy
then you could say hey i'm too busy to
do this for free i need you to actually
pay me for it
yeah i think
i think in in what's about to come with
the economy people that are unwilling to
um do something for free are going to
find themselves held back and i always
feel bad as an employer it's like
yes that benefits me to have people that
are willing to come in and prove
themselves before i have to pull the
trigger on hiring a full-time employee
but i'm just telling you right now if i
were to give myself advice back when i
was 25 right the classic question what
advice would you give your 20 year old
self i would tell that [__] go
find the person who's living your ideal
life offer to work for them for free in
exchange for knowledge and connections
and you can put a timeline on it but
it's like
when i was that age i was trying to
optimize for the dollar i wanted to make
the most money i could and what i didn't
understand was that money only spends
once but knowledge and connections
monetize forever so literally oh it's
like
look everything ended up working out
okay no complaints but oh my god my
journey could have been a lot shorter
yeah if i had gone direct to the person
who's doing the kind of thing that i
wanted to do so
um that does make me very sad and such
simple advice so when i hear people and
look i think things are probably about
to shift but there was like a real sense
of like [__] you i'm going to get paid
what i'm worth oh god i'm like bro if
you're optimizing for the dollars your
whole life i promise you you're not
going to end up being very happy at the
end of this
well the two things that that i've
noticed from it is i'll give a script so
i've
there's two things i've observed so if
you're trying to work for free don't
email tom don't tweet it tom don't leave
tom a comment don't email noah and say
hey what do you need help with yes oh
god that john you crazy that's all they
do right and they're like hey uh it's
like asking someone what do you want for
dinner
tell them hey here's what i'm gonna make
you i'm making you sushi
it's so much easier to say yes i want
sushi no i don't want sushi then
figuring out a whole dinner thing it's a
lot less mental energy so when you're
emailing anyone i'll give just a quick
script but basically it's like hey i
hope you're doing awesome here's how you
changed my life because of course
everyone likes to hear that
i know this is wild but uh i know it's a
wild time but i'm reaching out about
doing specifically x
and here's this is the result you're
gonna get from x and i've done it before
and happy to do it for you at no cost is
this something you're interested in
like and then ps like i said i'm a big
fan so let me know would make this a no
brainer for you
and so i was talking with a youtuber
today his name's nick nimmins he does
amazing youtube about obs like how to do
these live streams obs what's that
oh dude this is like my new obsession i
think if all the people are unemployed
every day or every week they should try
to learn one new thing
that's been something that i've been
trying to focus on more like either i'm
learning chess each day like doing
puzzles or i have a chess coach uh or
i've been doing obs or like i i emailed
him and he he's actually i'll tell you
let me finish one thing and i'll come
back on that but with him he said if
you're emailing to do a collab on
youtube the first thing you do is you
email them three things you can do for
them
and i was like that is that is great
he's like don't just email saying hey
let's collab say hey here's your most
popular videos why don't we do these
three specific videos that we can put on
my channel for you that'll help grow
your channel and so you're actually
making it crystal clear
beneficial to them to help you the
second thing he did which changed my
entire week so far and i'm really
excited about it is that i emailed him i
said he didn't know me i just said hey i
want to pay you 250 bucks
to give me a consult on obs project and
so obs is basically
it's an open source uh project for doing
video a lot of twitch guys so twitch and
like all the video gamers are using it
and now people that are doing youtube
live and facebook live and a little bit
with zoom are started to use obs because
you can make these amazing amazing
looking like super produced videos
at home which i like
because the more that i can do videos
where it's just me getting on the camera
doing a few slides and it's like if i
can make it easy to do i'll do it
it's the same reason people put their
shoes by their door for the like for
runs it's like well i see the shoes
there might as well just step in and get
the hell out
um and we can talk more obs but so nick
i emailed them saying hey can i just pay
you 250 to meet with me for an hour
and then just go over obs with me
and he replied and this this has
impacted my week big time he said hey
right now i'm just i'm doing volunteer
one hour uh one to two hours a week so
i'd love to get on a call when can you
meet
and so because of that i thought that
was really interesting wow uh i'm doing
that on thursday so on thursday i
blocked out an hour and a half and i'm
just going to post it up to my audience
and our customers and say where can i'll
get on the phone and help anyone for up
to two hours right now and i think the
thing i would highlight is that if
you're asking someone to work for free
if you're asking for something else are
you doing it down
and i think that's an important thing i
have to always remind myself like as
much as like okay i want to meet jeff
bezos
i think that'd be [__] awesome right
we're both bald uh you know i like how
he runs this company am i still you know
you can't ask up unless you're asking
you're you know helping down as well so
i think him doing that inspired me
uh to do that this week and it's
hopefully if it's something that it's
energizing um i'm gonna try to do that
throughout the rest of the week
throughout the rest of my life but yeah
and the business stuff with the
curiosity i mean that's that's all it's
been like even today with appsumo.com i
said i just love software deals like we
got this there's an app called rocket
i don't know if you do use a mac yeah
i don't know yeah oh i'll send you the
link afterwards but basically rocket is
a really easy way to do emojis to people
so i can like really quickly write you
an emoji
so like i just wrote happy woman to you
as emoji i'll send you rocket it's on
appsumo uh for free but
you could send in skype that you can
send emojis that was cool i sent it in
your chat but so i just hit up this guy
uh we hit oldman on our team hit him up
and we said hey we love your product we
promote it and he said yeah and so for
me i just loved
and i was curious about online
businesses i was curious about marketing
because i know i've always been
interested in promoting and so 10 years
ago i was like well how do we start
helping promote marketing tools online
software tools and that's where appsumo
came and then even like our latest
products we have two latest ones one is
sendfox.com it's email marketing for
youtubers and content creators and guess
what i'm a youtuber i'm a content
creator and i want to explore like
making a tool that works for me
and so we're doing that's you know
sometimes i think it doesn't work but
that's that's part of the game and then
you have to kind of keep i think that
what you would what i'd imagine you say
which i i really believe in is that are
you at least solving problems that you
wanted to be solving
because i think sometimes the times when
i veer off like we did this thing for
shopify like an email marketing tool for
shopify called fam we spent maybe seven
eight months on it in terms of salaries
we probably spent i don't know about a
million but somewhere close to that in
salaries and i think we have maybe a
thousand people using it we make about a
thousand dollars a month
oh
yeah yeah that's i mean that's money
that could have been in the teammates
pockets in my pockets i could have you
know bought more miatas whatever that is
and so but here's the thing i don't use
shopify i i like shopify but i don't
give a [__]
about email marketing or shopify it's
not something that matters to me and so
what we did is we said well what do we
really care about and we said we just
like promoting dope products
like i love finding cool shoes like i
wear suaves that's my favorite shoe
brain
i wear sax underwear i use an uler i
have an aura ring like those are things
i love so we've got the site called hall
drop
h-a-u-h-a-u-l drop dot com it's
basically like a reddit or product hunt
for products because i love these
products and i love promoting them but i
don't want to be their email marketing
tool i just want to promote them and so
we built a site that just does that is
it all affiliate links or what we don't
have that we don't have that part kind
of figured out yet we're going to start
testing monetization literally it's just
hey i know that this could be a play if
i can get eyeballs here
let me build it and see where it goes
yes and no so if you listen to a lot of
my advice i'm very big on limitation
don't you need you have like generally
what i recommend for anyone trying to
start any business is 48 hours
and you have to make a hundred dollars
how do you get 100 bucks off this
so this one i'll tell you i can do i'll
give you two examples because i think
people think well i'm not a developer so
originally with this one there's a
product called deep sentinel so i have
it outside my door
here here and what deep sentinel does is
it has live security guards watch your
cameras
what
yeah cause like ring if you think about
your ring it it basically shows you
someone stealing it it's like oh look
it's someone stole
[__] that makes no sense so deep
sentinel uh this guy named dave
sellinger
and uh it's right now you think about it
like oh yeah it does they watch and i'm
scared sometimes to be home alone
and so they watch my door and if someone
comes the door that's not that stays too
long or starts fiddling around they're
like sir you need to leave sir i'm going
to put an alarm sir i'm calling the
police so anyways i love their product i
can you know it's called deep sentinel
yeah it's awesome
interesting dude there he's dude you
should talk to this guy he helped found
redfin.com this guy's i talked to him
for like an hour and i was mind blown
but so with him i just emailed out to my
okay dork audience and i said hey i love
this product they're giving us like some
a promotion and then they also said
they'd pay me for anyone i sold
and i i actually didn't i because the
economy turned like all the sales i just
told them to keep the money
but we ended up selling i think i was
going to get 200 bucks we ended up
selling like 20 of them so i was gonna
make about four thousand dollars
whoa so i was like oh okay there's
something there if we can if we control
the buyers we're more valuable than
shopify right like who's more valuable
facebook or shopify facebook because
they control the customer
so without
i just i don't want to blow past it
because it was so interesting um what's
the fact that you didn't claim your
affiliate commissions because of what's
happened in the economy dude that's so
rad and the number of people that are
doing cool [__] and trying just to like
help out where they can is so [__]
cool talking about things where there is
a bit of upside like seeing the whole
world rally around one thing um and just
find ways to to be rad to each other is
is pretty dumb i hope it lasts man like
i've said the quote and i fully believe
it is that if you have more than enough
now you need to give
and like i have i have some i have uh
some offices that i
that i own that people rent out of and i
ask them like hey do you need to hook up
on your rent
like if you want to hook up let me know
like i have no problem like we can pause
it we can do whatever you want one guy
paused it the other two were like hey
we're gonna leave it alone for now wow
and so
if you're not in enough right now and
you're like hey i'm struggling go ask i
think this is the time morning now not
to say not for free
because and one i don't believe in
waiting for the government i don't want
to wait for anyone i want to be
recession-proof i'm trying to figure out
how the hell like i can take my own
responsibility
uh but if you don't have enough like go
ask to help someone else out so like
here's another business i'll just give
another example i started a week ago
because people are always saying oh man
i don't have a job i'm look i'm updating
my resume and a lot of times in their
life they're wanting to play work
like updating your resume feels like
you've done stuff
applying for jobs feels like you're
doing stuff but
i don't want to hope that this shmo just
gives me a job [__] that guy like [__]
that girl like i want to make sure i get
a job and so
um
i think there's different ways about if
you do want to work for someone how to
do it and we can talk about that but i
said all right i want to start a
business let me just show people how to
do it
and so i i had a few ideas of businesses
that i want i want super instacart
delivery
what is that what does that mean
i will pay a premium to get me the items
i want i don't give a [__] how you get
them
like if i want this if i want chicken i
will pay a lot of money to just get me
chicken
and so there's also something beautiful
about grocery stores now that people
appreciate the selections we have and
they now you're like oh cool what's
available so i think people never
appreciate that which is a whole nother
story but i was willing to pay for
certain stuff to be delivered so i think
super instacart another idea i wanted is
i wanted more gym equipment for my house
and the third thing i was like oh i
wonder if people want more bikes so how
i went and tested that and then i the
fourth idea was is there a way that i
can get someone who's rich to give me
money
that's the thing people i'm like yo how
to get money go to someone rich and ask
them for it in a way that they're
excited to give it to you so i'll start
with that one because that was the funny
that was it was it worked
i basically looked up a youtuber
uh i don't want to mention his name but
i looked up a youtuber i created a fake
gmail so he i didn't use any of my
social credit or my whatever the [__]
people call it and i said i looked over
all of his blog and his social media and
his youtube and i crafted an email and
the email said three things i said i
love your stuff it's changed my life
which i do follow this guy and i do like
him and i used to fake email so he
couldn't be biased then i said here's
three things on your site
that you should do right now and it'll
increase your youtube channel and i know
that's something that's important to you
if you like if you're trying to do
something that doesn't matter someone
[__] cares
so i said those three things and at the
end i said hey if you'd like to grow
your youtube channel more if you want to
pay me a hundred dollars i'll get you a
collaboration with one of these types of
people and there's no risk if i don't
get it for you then you don't have to
pay anything
let and let me know and so yeah two days
later
and i even and so two days later he went
back he's like yeah sounds good
so this is someone i also i know
personally but he didn't know it was me
right
and so my point though is that that guy
has money he's making money i provided
enough value that he was like yeah i'm
excited to give you some money
so that was just one of them and the
other one was the gym equipment so
basically all i did is i went on a
facebook group
i went on my facebook page a facebook
group and my text message groups and i
just posted does anyone need anything
delivered right now i have bikes gym
equipment or anything else you guys want
and because i was just curious if anyone
needs anything in my area so i posted in
austin and it turns out like at the
company and then a few other people that
knew me and didn't know me were like
yeah i really need gym equipment can you
get me to me so i said well what do you
need i got on the phone i think a lot of
times people trust their business
they're passive they're like you know
let me uh you know crit buy i'll buy a
domain and i've been buying a lot of
domains so i can't see that i would do
my domain buying is [__] i'm an
addict lately
uh let me get a domain let me watch a
video let me uh buy some ads and then
let me pray
and i'm like [__] that let's just jump
to the customers see if they actually
want it give yourself a limitation and
so i immediately said all right what do
you guys want because i actually started
thinking oh i need a website it's like
no you don't
so a few people were saying i want gym
equipment i called them on the phone i
said what gym equipment do you want i
said i want 245 dumbbells
i was like how much is that worth to you
they're like about 100 bucks
okay would you give me the money today
if i have it yes all right give me two
seconds so then i basically go on a
15-minute rampage now that i have my
customer one of them getting your first
customer is always the hardest and it's
like you said it's momentum like
momentum begets momentum
so then i basically uh called up a lot
of places i called up hotels i asked
hotels if they would sell me their
dumbbells
and then the hotel said no so i said hey
where do you buy them from so they gave
me their referral which is precor it's
called a pre-core they gave me their guy
their guy said uh well you might buy it
but no so then i tried calling local
gyms because they're closed and i was
trying to see if they'd rent it to me
they no one answered because those gyms
are closed and then eventually i found
someone on facebook who's like yeah i've
got i got an extra supply of gym
equipment do you want to buy any and i
was like well what's available and so he
told me his prices i could get it for
110. i went back to the guy and i said
hey it's 120. do you want these
dumbbells
and he said yeah he venmoed me right
then this is all on air you can go on my
youtube channel and see that episode
it's called like make a business live he
gave me 120 and i was like oh [__] paid
the guy the 110 and then the dumbbells
arrive tomorrow morning
and so i think the things that are
interesting about that is not that i
don't want to be a gym business business
equipment i think a lot of people it's
below me
right i'm too good for this
well then go be an employee that's fine
not everyone should run a business but
side hustles or online businesses are
available to everyone without any money
and without a lot of time the two things
that are critical is one businesses
evolve right but the point is just to
get going and so what i'm actually more
excited about i think is a huge
opportunity is rental gym equipment for
homes
because dumbbells are actually pretty
expensive but
if it's only five dollars a week
that's actually not bad like five
dollars a week is 250 dollars a year and
those dumbbells only cost a hundred but
five dollars a week i could actually
justify or a bike a bike is 300 to 500
to buy but it's only five dollars a week
that's 250 a year and then guess what
every year you can just give a new bike
and so i think there's some a big
business out of rental stuff that's
really easily available for people
um or just stick with gym stuff but
the point being is get going and you can
evolve it and i think a lot of people
are just like watch let's just watch
more videos till it magically happens
dude
literally i am in awe man that that is
so rad that is so you the fact that you
could
literally just there in an episode live
get a business going um and what makes
me want to punch all of humanity square
in the mouth is that some people heard
that story and went yeah but it's only
10 bucks it's like
dude it is
noah noah
i have built businesses i've spent the
last 20 years of my life building
businesses and what you just described
is so brilliant and so straightforward
and so doable you want to talk about you
just made
real entrepreneurship accessible to
everybody right there uh it makes me
deeply sad how few people will do that
especially i mean so basically just to
be clear what to solidify for everybody
identify the need
get a customer
and then do the work to see if you can
actually your phone's blurry the way
your thing blurs the background only
things on on par with your face there it
is it's my that's my venmo where i got
the money that's so crazy man yeah yeah
if you could summarize i'm curious how
you summarize that so yeah to me it was
you identified the need
you found the customer and then you went
and actually did the work to make it
happen instead of building a website
and like putting in you know three
months of work building the foundation
and writing the copy and getting the ad
and you know the domain name and all
that [__] like you literally just all
right what's the need who's the customer
and then yeah boom i'll go now deal with
what i have to do and the fact you
didn't do anything fancy that it was
literally picking up the phone and
making a few phone calls
brute force man i mean
yeah i think people get it backwards and
i think at the end of the day it's work
right and so i i love people taking
action like one of the things i wanted
to experiment if you're down like uh
this is gonna go on youtube right yeah
can we i'll pay five hundred dollars
i'll personally out of my own cash for a
comment i wanna i'd love to put in the
description like i want someone to take
action today that's the thing with
videos and the thing that i get i try to
discourage people from it's like don't
wait till tomorrow
don't wait till tomorrow why not just
try to see if you can do it today and so
i'll pay 500 put whatever it is that
you've been wanting to do just say in
the comments i'm gonna do it today like
jamie watched your video and was like
i've been wanting to teach people how to
be an assistant like she is for me and i
want to have a course and i was like
jamie let's do it today
she's like no i got to prepare two more
weeks and so i'm bringing her live on my
youtube next week and we're just going
to do it live on wednesday and so lately
on wednesdays we're i'm kind of
experimenting with like let's try like
tomorrow i'm doing growing email list
live with someone else so i'm taking one
person who doesn't have an email list
and try to see if we can get 100. but
yeah i'll drop 500 bucks personal money
comment right here or put in the
description if you guys can do it
whatever action you're going to do today
and we're going to pick a person we'll
check to make sure you did it and i'll
give someone 500 bucks if they've done
it
they have to do it like it don't make
you don't i think a lot of people
imagine it's it's a bigger thing
and a lot of it is just like get going
man take that action for yourself
uh build up a win so it's like hey i'm
gonna do my laundry
that's maybe a smaller one i don't know
if we'll choose you to win but you
choose something that you could take
action do something now uh and then the
best one or the one not even the one we
enjoy well check make sure you did and
we'll give you 500 bucks i will
personally
dude i remember you were doing um it was
a live with uh tim ferriss and you were
like this guy wanted to sell something
like a hairbrush like a toothbrush
toothbrush tell that story because that
was so
brilliant like he did he just he had a
totally different business in mind and
people like no no but i'll buy that i'll
buy that i thought it was genius
yeah i need to explore you know it's
something watch people through that
story though yeah that's to okay perfect
uh so
tim asked me to come on and talk about
business stuff and i've never really
thought i'm good or bad at this business
stuff i've always just kind of done it
my way
um
and it only works but i try like even if
it doesn't work i haven't spent a lot of
time and money so tim asked me to come
on and then he basically showed me two
different business ideas i don't
remember this i remember the second one
the one of them was the guy wants to
build an app because a lot of people
always make the excuse oh well i'm not a
developer i'm like okay we'll solve that
and the second one was a guy was like i
have a bamboo toothbrush and that's
before that was 2014 that's six years
ago before now bamboo toothbrushes are
common that guy was ahead of his time
and so he came on the show and was like
yeah i've been working on this
toothbrush and i wanna like check it out
and like oh i'm gonna build my website
and and literally on air i was like how
much is the toothbrush
he's like uh he's like my houndstower 20
bucks i was like what's your paypal and
he's like my paypal is this and i was
like anyone here want to buy it anyone
watching want to buy it
and then literally sales just started
[__] crushing it dude the guy just
started blowing up his sales
and he was like what really i'm like yes
yes you don't need a website like my
previous business
uh two business ago was payments for
facebook games we were the third largest
provider we did 30 million our first
year in total revenue processed
we did not have a full website we had
our logo on a page wow
and so i think what people get the
misconception of and i can talk about an
app or other things is that
no one needs a website a website's job
is to work for you like a website's job
is like does this help me run my
business better around the clock and i
think we're
i love technology don't get wrong dude
i'm this is like my boner town but i
think it's like how does this technology
like how is this helping leverage me how
is this helping replicate me
not i need this to solve the problem
necessarily directly because i think
people do that first and i try to
automate it oh i need email automation
no you don't make sure the emails work
like make sure people want to hear from
you and i think people get that
backwards way too often
do there's something interesting about
the way that you approach all of life
with this um just like do it
move
um
and combined with
part of your personality that never
really hit me until today so there's two
people that i've met in my life that um
they don't judge themselves
and that would be you and gary vee both
like
if when you're having a bad day you just
say i'm having a bad day like other
people might try to posture or not want
it to be true and so they'll sort of
shuck and jive um but you don't i know
you took some time off from your
business for a while she's like man not
really feeling this right now i think it
was when you and your partner weren't
agreeing on what the future was going to
look like to be like [__] it i'm just
going to go explore and follow my
curiosity and i know you've said that
you actually think that might have been
wasted time again not judging yourself
i'm just really taking a realistic look
what what's that about um and while sure
some of that would be a mistake would
you say on balance that's a useful way
to live your life
um
so i was i was doing some shrooms and
two weeks ago
and i was scared
and doing the shrooms or the trees no no
while i was on the spot i was on it
while i was on it and
while i'm on it i realized two things my
other buddy did shrooms and when he was
on shrooms
he just sat on his couch
and he just listened to music and then
i'm like talking to him i'm like dude
so what else did you do
did you you watched tv no so do you have
your phone no i'm like so you just sat
there
and
i think sometimes in our life like we're
fighting being who we are
ooh what do you mean we're fighting who
we are and so because people don't want
to admit it
what is it is it that we don't admit it
maybe sometimes we're scared of who we
are
in that sense so for me
i would the idea of sitting on this
couch right here
on shrooms just sitting and just being
by myself is fear like that's really
oh yeah you're gonna have to i know
you're trying to yeah but i have to
understand that yeah we'll go back into
that and i'll tell you how i'm going
into that but when i'm on the shroom
thing i recognized that and i said well
i just need to keep being busy
i need to keep i was biking and i was
like just keep biking just keep running
away from it
and it's not that i don't it's not i'm
not trying to encourage that i'm not
going into things or i don't face fears
or i don't face challenges sometimes i
do sometimes i don't do my best
but i realize that i just need to just
be
myself without apology and so
i don't i think it's good to face the
fear so what i'm doing either this
weekend or in the next upcoming weeks
i'm gonna take some shrooms and i'm just
gonna send that [__] couch
and i'm just gonna be
and i'm just gonna face it and i'm gonna
see how that goes
i don't know what that's gonna do i
don't know it's gonna be but how many
grams will you take
i have a vial i can show it to you but
it's basically a vial like this i take
like a third of the vial and mix it with
water any because i know that five grams
is like the
um dose of like yo if you think you're a
baller take five grams so supposedly
like you totally you have no sense of
yourself or that you've even taken drugs
so are we talking that kind of dosage
are we
[Music]
i don't know how much how many grams
actually it is i think it's maybe 100
gram bottle and i take a third
whoa so this is where we'd have to get
really real you need to um
measure that look it up yeah figure out
how much it is sam harrison a whole
podcast about taking five grams of
mushrooms and being blindfolded if i'm
not mistaken oh yeah that sounds really
scary he said it was [__] insane
um so yeah he did not make it sound fun
he made it sound
kind of like
putting yourself through an ultra
marathon where you're like all right
this is really gonna suck but on the
other side of this there's gonna be like
some nice big breakthrough but it
definitely sounded like it was gonna
really suck so um i'll assume for now
that we're not sort of in the sole
obliterating level here right um what is
it about being alone
that you that initiates fear
um
[Music]
i think just uh
i don't know i think i have to explore
that i mean i think part of it is just
dealing with just me
so ah man
i'm i hope you're okay with me pushing
on this yeah i don't know i want to
actually want to this is actually
interesting i really want to explore
this so i think
you you strike me as somebody who seemed
who seems completely at ease with the
good the bad the ugly you just don't
seem that bothered by it now is that a
way for you to cope with something that
actually does really bother you
we so we don't hang out as much and if i
move to la or like one more time we will
and you'll see it i go i mean i think
i'm human where i go through
fluctuations um
i think less over the years but i
definitely have moments where like was
it two mondays ago i woke up and i was
like everything sucks
this all sucks and so i sucked all day
i just talked all day and one of my
friends said this and i really
appreciate him said he's like sometimes
it's just good just be be with the
sadness and so i've really tried that
now not tried i've done that when i'm
sad i'm like you're just gonna be sad
and guess what go to sleep take a walk
or go to take a walk go to sleep wake up
you're still alive you're probably gonna
feel a lot better and so i try to sit
more with sadness when i feel that
instead of just trying to have a drink
or go do something that'll kind of
diminish the sadness
um i think this stuff about being alone
i don't know if this childhood thing i'm
not sure where that comes from it's
something that's been more new to me
uh i know my mom as i observe her i'm
like mom can you ever just stay still
she's like i oh today i did the weeds
for three hours she does that every day
there's no weeds left at the house
you know uh
what's the
neuro
mechanism that's happening are you
trying to change your neurochemistry
like i would the one the one
neurochemical state that i really
because i'm trying to identify what is
causing the quote-unquote fear which may
be the wrong word for something um so
the one thing that i'll say i hate the
sensation so much i will do virtually
anything to get out of it and that's
when i've really upset my wife the way
that that makes me feel is is far more
unpleasant than
basically it is
short of the loss of a loved one it is
the most unpleasant feeling i've ever
had so
when i'm in that state i am very active
i am either trying to convince her she
shouldn't be upset i'm trying to um
cheer her up i'm
desperate like i don't want to be
separated so if if i've upset her she
needs to go take time but that's the
most torturous thing for me because i
need resolution because sitting in that
sensation is god awful so i want to keep
us together and talk and talk and talk
until we can resolve it because when it
feels like it's still ongoing then it
doesn't bother me in the way that it
does where it's like i've upset her and
she needs to go off and be by herself so
if
that that kind of thing where i'm like
what i desire is to get out of this
neurochemical state
there is a sense of having caused pain
to someone that i love that i find just
insufferable it registers like physical
pain and then i'm just squirming and
trying to get out of it um so i'm
trying to understand if it's something
like that or if or is it you have a
negative voice that's kicking the [__]
out of you and telling you that you're
dumb and you're never
gonna accomplish the things you want to
accomplish
i think with the
the sitting
and just the being part if you think
about what i'm doing it's really just
like there's no distraction
and the only person i'm really looking
at is me
and i think there's a part of me that
like
likes a lot of parts and then maybe
doesn't like some of the parts and it
just keeps me from even having to face
that
and i think one of the things that i do
appreciate about myself and i think it's
good to sometimes recognize the things
you do like about yourself
is that i'm willing to go into it
and so it's saying like all right we're
going to go on this couch you didn't
really want to do it let's at least go
into it and see how that feels and see
if you can understand that a little bit
better and when our questions add to
that experience
um i think they put your mind in a
different place
and so you know i've if i remember
before i ever took psychedelics as a
form of therapy that i was always like
oh you [__] stoners you're just
druggies you just want to have orgies
like whatever it is you guys are doing
on this stuff like it sounds like
hogwash to me
um and i think ever there's different
ways of accomplishing the same desire
like if you have a desire to keep
improving or just learn more things
about yourself or get you know enjoy
more of life there's many you could
probably just meditate for a day
and get that i've just found through
ayahuasca i've done it twice too and
that was enough for me to help me
understand certain things and it's
exploring other avenues of this stuff
and so uh the shroom stuff it i've done
it twice in terms of therapy the first
time dude some of the [__] that comes
out like was [__]
surprising to me
um
like i didn't realize how much i
appreciated our office manager
i didn't recognize like how much i want
my mom to like i want to impress my mom
with my significant other
and i was like yo where did where did
that come from right
i didn't realize like some sadness of
things i don't wanna i can't don't open
it up yeah but i had some sadness about
some pain that i caused others and so
i haven't thought about that [__] that
was just me finally having to face some
of that
and i was fighting it or maybe i just
wasn't aware of it it showed it to me
or i saw it and i was like all right and
so i went and i was able to address
those things uh later that day
and so
yeah that's that's kind of where i found
this i have found it as a form of
medicine i think you can go to therapy i
think there's a lot of different avenues
for it
it's not really my place to judge and i
know people love doing therapy judgment
or
like a psychedelic therapy judgment like
oh i do shrooms i'm elevated it's like
no i'm just trying something else out i
you know i i like what you said
fulfillment i don't believe in happiness
right i believe in fulfillment right i
think that's where it is and so
fulfillment for me is part of facing
some of my fears like i am a little bit
scared of darkness and being home alone
i don't know where that came from never
had any abandonment issues my parents
were super involved like my mom's you
know assess the jewish mother
or something's at night i'm just scared
of being home alone in the dark and so
i'm gonna probably do a little bit more
of that
and face it and see like okay it's not
so scary or what can i do to make that
even feel a little better so that's why
i have deep sentinel and i have a gun
under my bed
that's amazing tell me about the gun
when'd you get it
ah so i got a gun
dude it's so funny in texas the story
how i got is crazy but maybe about like
three years ago or two years ago i felt
if i'd been i've lived in austin ten
years i said there's certain things in
texas if you live here you have to get a
gun
and you have to get boots and you have
to get a hat and i was like all right i
got boots i have my hat right there
maybe i can get that on a second and i
was like i don't have a gun yet and my
friend donald park and some of these
other guys like tim kennedy who i didn't
know really well i still don't know well
but donald i know probably pretty well
had guns and i texted donald i said i
want to get a gun
and he's like get a glock 19. it's the
best all-around gun and i was like
what's and so then i started getting
researching and i found like the
prettiest gun
which you know my step did something
really interesting to me he said
you actually should get a gun that you
could really shoot someone with because
it's easy to have a gun but to actually
pull that [__] trigger if someone's
at the door so i think he has like a
revolver he's like i'll definitely shoot
someone with this revolver the glock i'm
not sure if i could do it why what's the
difference i don't know for him he
psychologically felt better i think he
also has a 22 so he's got smaller
bullets so he's like probably won't kill
him but i'm going to slow that guy down
and so i can talk a little about the gun
so i got the glock 19 fde uh which is
like this full desert earth like it's
gorg it's pretty and then i got about uh
two not before corona maybe four months
ago before all this stuff happened like
all the ammo sold out in texas i wanted
a concealed gun and why that is because
if i want something in my car or if i'm
in a movie theater i just want to feel
more confident if someone tries to do
anything that i can be defend i can
defend myself in texas you can conceal
carry
you can conceal carrier and i have a
concealed permit but there's certain
places if they have signs you're not
allowed to bring it in so you're not
allowed to bring it in but you could um
i think what's actually the most
interesting about the gun is not the
guns for me it's that i took a
self-defense class to learn how to use
the guns
and that was hard
yeah so i had a gun
what was hard about it uh so it was with
tim kennedy it was called sheepdog
response and i did it with my buddy aim
and aim is a guy who runs app sumo and
i was
i got this i live in a small house 800
square feet and i've just been a little
scared to be home alone i'm scared
someone's gonna come through this door i
don't know how much to steal frankly
like tequila bottles and stuff like that
but i just hear they're gonna come in
and i have a gun but i was like can i
even really use this gun if someone came
through the door could i pull this gun
out and shoot him fast enough to make a
difference
and so i was like well what would make
me feel better
and i to me i get i get so
what was your word orgasmiosic or
enthusiastic orgy
i get orgiastic when i see someone solve
a problem or if i solve a problem i have
that just [__] orgy ass makes me
worried she asked me
it or do you ask me to do i [__] love
that [__] like
like i have bikes in my guest room and
they're always laying over so yesterday
i bought a bike holder that i could just
make sure the bike doesn't fall over and
i'm like this is awesome i sold a
problem
so i took a self-defense class to say
all right now how do i actually use a
gun because you watch these movies
dude when you're in a real thing like
it's not that easy and it's intense and
you have to use some muscle memory and
so the sheepdog response.com awesome
class highly recommend it's super
intense i think they weigh under charge
what you get it's full it's two 12-hour
days half day is jiu-jitsu so basically
i focused on home invasion so if they
come into my house can i [__] them up
with physically and then can i draw and
then they did a lot that the next six
hours of every day was gun practice we
went to a range and it's like how fast
can you draw it how accurate are you
like you you'd be shocked from five
yards away how unaccurate you are on
accuracy under a word but how inaccurate
you are in shooting
because you think i'll have a gun that
comes out so just bang them it's like no
and so you have to get comfortable
under pressure
actually using the gun and so that was a
big awareness thing for me about it's
one thing to have a tool it's another
thing to know how to use the tool
yeah yeah yeah gun guns are a trip guns
are a trip right now i'm not surprised
that you said that um
bullets are sold out in texas i know
there was a big thing here in la about
the gun shop saying hey we're essential
you can't close this down second
amendment like
but they did they they've all been shut
down
i've never owned a gun
but i have to say like it's something
that's been on my mind for quite a while
that it might not be a bad idea it's
like i either need to go commit to jiu
jitsu or i need to have something the
number of times that my alarm has gone
off in the middle of the night and i
have to get up and [__] search the
house and make sure everything is kosher
it's like i always think
man i wish i had either learned to fight
or i had gotten that gun because
yeah
well like two suggestions that have
helped me is number one i have a taser
and i don't know if you can buy them in
california on amazon it's ten dollars
for a taser and it's i just have it on
my bed stand and i've told my fiance i
was like don't ever surprise me at home
uh the second suggestion that i would
recommend is
a gun is pretty deadly and you have to
be able to use it so and i'm you know
i'm training so hopefully i can use it
when that happens but you can always get
an airsoft gun
or bear spray
so those aren't going to kill the first
spray yeah there's you can go to amazon
look at bear gel bare gel
yeah so it's a canister
it's kind of like mace but this is like
intense [__] so bear gel
uh i can i'll look up the link for you
i have a gun so i don't feel like i need
it but
so basically those two things what i'd
recommend is if you get that
so i got really obsessive with home
security i like went on this like deep
dive on like hey i'm scared to be at
home let me fix that so i went on like
this really obsessive like how i fixed
up my home uh but yeah those are two
things if you're not wanting to have a
gunner it's not allowed or whatever your
convict whatever it is uh airsoft gun or
gel but the funny thing i wanted to tell
you how i got my first gun in texas you
go to get the gun and they make you take
a quiz
and by the way so it was uh we did like
a it was a saturday fun day so i was
blacked out at this point this is
probably about four or five years ago
when i got it i go to the gun store
drunk like i am wasted at this point and
i was like yeah man i have a gun here
because i ordered it online and so when
you get a gun order online they can ship
it to a dealership
and i was like yeah can i get my gun and
i don't know why you give him someone
who's drunk a gun by the way that makes
no sense to me and then they're like all
right fill out the quiz so i'm filling
out the quiz
and they're like by the way there's a
trick question on there and i'm like
okay fill out the quiz gave it to him
he's like dude you got it wrong
so he gives me another quiz and then i'm
like i don't know so my buddy who's not
as wasted was like hey it's that it's
that one just to make a yes instead
and they just give you the gun and i'm
like this is [__] ludicrous
yeah
not exactly uh stringent rules yeah they
should be way more strict on that like
hey you're drunk hey have you taken like
i've taken a chl class after that now
i've taken a to i think i think like
pregnancy marriage finance guns like we
should have like extra requirements on
all those things
you just have a background check or do
you have to take a gun safety class you
don't have to take anything as long as
you don't i believe in texas because i
just got the i so i have a glock 43 uh
my it's my concealed carry it's so cute
by the way it's most important thing
about gun is it's cute um
is that i went there they check your
license i believe they check if you have
no felonies but that was the extent of
it and i took i took the same quiz again
out the door wow
that that's a whole thing man that's
what's scary about being out here one of
my funnier stories from moving to austin
is like the second year i'm here i'm in
a movie theater alamo drafthouse and i'm
like holy [__] a lot of people here have
guns that you don't realize like i was
hanging out with donald park it's a
black belt what you can watch him on
youtube jiu jitsu black belt that dude
carries a gun
i'm like yo you
what are you doing he's like yeah you
don't ever know but i'm in the movie
theater this is my favorite stories for
guns
there's a guy that's talking in the
beginning of the movie theater
and that that's like dude i have a lot
of pet peeves but that's definitely up
there
sucking i'm like you shut the so i look
at him i'm like shut the [__] up right
and then he kind of looks at me mad dogs
me
and then i sit back in my chair and i'm
like
oh [__] that guy could have a gun
so i take i take a piece of paper
and i write a note like hey man i'm
really
sorry i hope everything's okay i fold it
and i pass it down to his friends and
i'm like oh i'm really sorry if i hurt
your feelings i'm like if i bothered you
he looks at me and goes okay fine
because my i literally was like that
dude could have a gun
so especially in a place like texas
way more people have guns than we think
yeah did you hear about the uh it was
during during quarantine uh in russia
and this guy shot and killed five people
for talking too loudly outside his
apartment
i thought yeah
yeah that's way sad and it's one of
those like you never know who you're
pissing off man
that that [__] escalates so quickly that
is yeah very terrifying did you have the
thought so i had the thought that we
could go to full anarchy where my money
in the bank and all this stuff actually
doesn't matter correct and only thing
that matters is shelter food water and
ammo
and so i did it crossed my mind now i
feel more that that's not going to
happen i'd say that's a very like one
percent likelihood so i'm not really
like putting a lot of energy but i
definitely was like okay i'm glad i have
a few of these things
yeah like i said i'm not an alarmist but
i will say that that is it's unlikely
but it is on the menu of potential items
at this point so
can we buy you a gun what kind of i'll
get you a pretty gun uh yeah
my thing is like
if when everything settles back down
yeah i think it would be it would be
wise
it would be wise
so i think
the other thing is you have to have i
think guns they're scary i'm still a
little scared of it and i think you have
to figure out what am i really trying to
accomplish yeah i think it is very wise
to be afraid of that gun so i've been to
shooting ranges and the sense of holding
danger in my hand is very real um if
you've seen like oh man i've seen far
too many youtube videos where
you see the one where the kid one of the
weddings where they fire the guns in the
air and the guy is firing the gun there
he sets it on table two-year-old picks
it up shoots and kills him but that that
was rough that was hard to watch that
kid like he's gonna grow up without a
dad
because but he won't even remember it i
mean that's just
there's another one where they're out at
some sort of outside gun range and they
give an uzi to a seven-year-old and
she's firing it and of course she's like
trailing and the guy like
blocks it so she can't go too far and he
just stops paying attention and she does
it again and shoots him in the head he's
dead so it's like yeah guns guns are
[__]
lethal man you cannot play around with
that [__] so if i were to get one i
would train the [__] out of myself that
would be like one where you you don't go
for basic proficiency you go for mastery
like you just you can't [__] around with
that stuff so what i'm interested in
with guns is not something i thought
we're going to be talking about but
neither the fact that
what ungodly number of people even in
war where it's like they never pull the
trigger
um i forget there's a name for it but um
failure to fire maybe
and i just feel like and dude this is
the arrogance of somebody who's never
come face to face with this so i say
this in full disclosure i don't [__]
know
but
my gut instinct with what i know about
myself i may miss but i'm pulling that
[__] trigger
do you do you worry that you would
actually hesitate yeah oh yeah
undoubtedly i'd probably hesitate i
would be way more worried that i shoot
somebody
that like lisa is checking as well which
she would never she knows better she
locks herself in the bedroom and i go
check but um i would be far more worried
about accidentally shooting somebody
than not shooting somebody that [__]
like puts me into a rage the thought of
somebody breaking into my house if i
were by myself less so but if i'm with
lisa i'm in full like protection mode
like yeah i would not [__] around with
that
the the two things that i would
recommend um so i put put up what i did
for home security and basically what
they recommended sheepdog which i loved
which is like think of it as like zones
so what are the zones of your house and
perimeter the other second thing is do
you have a plan
right this is the whole thing with all
this stuff with the coronaviruses what's
your plan what's your personal finance
plan what's your company plan we have
one called the 30-5 which maybe we'll
talk about later or another time but
with your home security what's your plan
right it sounds like you kind of have it
but you're waking up late at night to do
some [__] which sounds a little weird
the alarm goes so we've had the alarm go
off for various reasons super windy
night and it you know rattles a window
hard enough that it then triggers the
alarm um so in moments like that you
definitely get to find out because you
don't know is it the wind or is there
actually somebody in the house so yeah
i've had to do that several times
well there's a book so i want to
recommend two things one there's a book
called on killing and it's actually
about what it's really like to kill in
the army oh [__]
yeah so on killing i read about dave
grossman that was a really good one and
then for home security um i can send you
my list but basically i went from
outside in and redid my whole home
security like small thing
i have a cleaning lady she's awesome i
love teresa but she has the combo to my
door
that's a vulnerability and so i bought a
door lock where i could change it um i
put up lights in perimeters so you
cannot walk around my house without the
light the uh flood light turning on
right
i've locked up so a lot of times i
started reading dude i got really
obsessed with all these serial killer
books they're so good i wonder why
you're afraid to be alone
oh that was a really bad idea man i
shouldn't have done it but it was such i
mean it's so sick but it's so like it
makes me feel like i can prepare
a little bit better
um but it made me kind of do more of
this stuff like all right a lot of times
back in the day they would cut your they
cut your phone line now they cut your
power so you have to lock up your
electric box so they can't cut your
power like are your gates locked you
have door sensors
um one of the things is like we have a
window right here on the side of the
door you could just like guess what i
have a deadbolt you could just kick the
door kick the glass and so
they actually make shatterproof film so
you could put a film right here we're
putting it up to put film on the window
so if someone tries to break the door it
doesn't shatter
and so then i added this well i don't
say but i have a safe here
i'm not gonna tell you where but it's
somewhere here you know uh
you know have you reinforced your door
plates with like larger screws anyway so
i think the point is like start at the
outside of your house and then start
keep working everything in
um so where now i'm like all right if
someone comes in they're gonna have one
out and i'll be aware of them and two
like i feel pretty prepared like i've
trained for it and i still could do a
lot more
yeah speaking of that so the jiu jitsu
have you trained in fighting at all
i do boxing now uh generally once or
twice a week and jiu jitsu i did a
little bit but i i just it wasn't for me
um in what way
i think the whole getting on the ground
and just like running rolling around
with people
i don't know like i a lot of it is like
am i enjoying this like what's the
purpose of it like you said desire
there's actually this book called
courage to be disliked it's a japanese
book that's interesting um yeah check it
out basically they say the same thing
you said which is like what's the goal
and everything is from the goal and for
me the goal is can i defend myself and
can i be fit with this because i think
so many times with workouts it's not fun
like if i do a workout i'm like yeah i
was on a treadmill i was like why
like why don't i go and try to run to a
like a coffee shop which is my new thing
i tried a bike to coffee shops
um and so i felt that with jiu-jitsu i
did boxing and boxing i was like i
really feel like i'm learning a skill
that's really usable because i feel like
it's a little bit more likely to be used
and then i felt like the workout i
preferred that more
so i've tried those two and
i might go back to jiu jitsu i can see
some benefit from it like the close game
and different stuff and people seem to
like it but an overall workout i
remember the last time i did jiu jitsu i
basically got submission by a woman who
reminded me of my mother and i was like
no she was literally like a 5 2 like
nothing lady and she kicked my [__]
ass and i was like i don't know how much
i enjoy this i'm sure there's some
twisted stuff in that but i just didn't
yeah you know with suffering you have to
enjoy the reward yeah and if you don't
enjoy the reward then the suffering
probably won't be you're not going to
want to do the suffering
no question
well dude
every minute that i spend with you is
[__] cherished to the ends this this
was a lot of fun i really wish that we
were sharing a space i'm looking forward
to that um i really hoped you were going
to relocate back to la i'll be there
yeah hey don't give up your fancy list
two things there one where there's bro
have you gone to the russian spa houses
no
oh
game changed if people don't go to the
russian spots or you've been to the
korean spas no i've never been to a spot
so the russian and korean spas are like
the best i i normally i'm one of the
things i miss like i think that's an
interesting question is like what's the
thing you want to do or the thing you're
going to do once this is over is i want
to go schwitz
so i'm building a guest house so i can
build a spot in my backyard wow
yeah i want a spa
and so i love schnitzing in la there's a
russian house uh i don't know it's a
russian spa and then like um there's a
korean day spas
and basically just go and you hang out
and talk and sit in the hot tub and get
in the cold tub and go in the steam room
you just hang out with your boys or you
just go by yourself and think and it's a
way to retry i think the thing i
realized last year that made me feel
good is
i don't i think we work really hard like
we're working physically working
mentally whatever it is but i don't know
if we recharge enough and so that's kind
of been a big thing for me where i go to
the schvitz and i'm like let's like plug
the phone in plug the body in and get
that recharge on
so what are some great ways to recharge
so spa got it
yeah so i've been thinking about i've
been thinking about this it's like how
do i called it the one one one plan
it was just i like i like things that
are easy to remember because then i can
do them but like
i don't know that works for my brain so
in terms of that it's like how do i
create everything create one thing a day
how do i help someone today and how do i
recharge because honestly if i do that
every day is a pretty [__] great day
um
and so recharging for me lately i'm
recharging with chess
like so i'll just do puzzles
or i'll do chess games i do one minute
games on chess.com um last night i
actually felt recharged just doing uh
studying obs project so i was just
watching videos uh and then the sauna is
a big one and so i can't sauna right now
so i have to figure out alternatives so
i have one of those like you see i
remember those massage guns
yeah yeah okay they're [__] cheesy i
don't know i'm sure some you know
hipster scientist person could tell you
they suck or not but last night i sat
for 15 minutes i just like
all over my legs
and i felt pretty damn great and so i
think part of that is just like giving
yourself some space so in my calendar
i have automatic blocks of time that are
recharge time so every wednesday is my
schvitz day from four to six and every
friday from 10 to 11 is my massage
and so it's a little bit hard because
i'm stuck inside now and i can't
necessarily get those but basically i've
blocked at that time and then once a
month i like to do sound healing
basically it's kind of like a meditation
where there's a lady named carol
at zero gravity spa in austin i think
she's doing online now too but she
basically does this crazy singing like
they're called sound baths or sound
healing and you basically lay on them on
the floor and she sings stuff that
you're like i can't believe this is a
human
uh and it just i just feel afterwards i
feel recharged and so
i think everyone might have different
things but it's it's recognizing that
and then doing a little bit more of that
each day or you know weekly
yeah that's one thing i will say that i
have taken the time so you said at the
very beginning don't let the corona
crisis go to waste um
i've really tried to to change some of
my long-standing almost dogmatic habits
and see like is there something else
that i will get more out of that's
more fulfilling more
productive more enjoyable whatever the
case may be and so that's been nice like
to to sort of just test different things
um you know i had so much momentum in my
old way of life getting to work the
speed at which that i could do it
optimizing every moment of the day
and but having this lingering thought of
like okay you've you've gotten you know
this far acting this way but like is
there more and more
um you know you could define it a lot of
different ways more joy more
um insight more uh success whatever but
is there something else to try and so
that was running in the back of my mind
so when this all happened it was like
all right now is the time the chess
board's been turned over what do we do
that's new and different and it's been
really fun and some things that i think
that i'll keep um forever some things
that probably were a bit indulgent but
it's it's been really fun to experiment
with a lot of different things so it's
been nice what what's one thing that
you've changed that you're like gonna
keep
so in the mornings now as a part of my
morning routine i take in a piece of
what you would probably call recharging
content that is
um
so i never let myself engage with
fiction content
except on the weekends so it's always
i'm if i'm learning something i'll do it
and then it hit me a while ago like this
is a little bit silly we're building the
next disney and yet i don't allow myself
to watch any or even read fiction so i
was like all right let's start injecting
as a part of the workout meditation all
of that because i'm usually up so early
let's inject uh you know
for me it's been watching some anime so
i missed anime anime like i was too
young i had gi joe and transformers but
then i didn't have anime which has been
like the thing for almost 20 years now
for kids and so i was like i'm trying to
make content that they'll resonate with
but i'm blind to all of this i've read a
fair amount of manga but i'm totally
blind to anime so let me start watching
it it's some of it's really good so i've
been really really impressed and that's
been fun it gets me excited gets your
creative juices flowing um and so to
watch a piece of that every morning um
is has really been fun and like you i
like change change for even just the
sake of change it's fun
you and i both and then good yeah no no
no no
one thing i did realize about this i
love the uncertainty for me i really i
didn't even realize like this i thrive
in this chaos
like when when it goes back and we're
all back to normal it i know maybe
that's boring so i have to figure out
how to structure it for me effectively
dude that is very well said that's
something that i think i i
have liked this sudden shock to the
system this is how i felt the same way
about this that i felt when i left quest
everybody was like oh was that hard for
you questions your identity i was like
absolutely not like i decided to leave
that was it and literally on monday i
was at quest and on tuesday i was at
impact theory and so it's like that for
me the the just radical transformation
of your life in a very short period of
time
far more fun when it's attached to
something positive than when it's
attached to something negative but
having that like jarring
radical change if you know how to frame
it if you know how to react to it
for me is is very interesting because it
it allows you to retest all your old
assumptions the first time this happened
to me was when i left tacoma and i came
to school here
up up until the day that i arrived in
los angeles my goal was to become a
stand-up comic and then when i got here
i was like you know this is my chance to
reinvent myself because you don't
realize how much of being funny is
people expecting you to be funny and so
they're they're sort of waiting for the
joke you know waiting for it and so it
gets easy to deliver and you especially
back then it was like you know i'm doing
comedy basically for call it 20 or 30
people that i see in all different
moments but they know me and they find
me funny and so there's you know it's
safe and so you're cracking jokes so
anyway i come to l.a decide i want to
take myself more seriously
and that radical changes i didn't know a
single human being in los angeles and so
having to re-meet everybody re-establish
who i am nobody's expecting me to be
funny so i was like i'm going to take
myself more seriously i want to be an
artist
and so no one thought of me as funny at
all and then i remember one day i don't
know how or why but call it november or
december so people got to know me over
four months and one night it just hit me
and i started basically doing a stand-up
routine at the dinner table and people
are like who the [__] are you like what
is this that was fun the first time my
wife
um went back with me to tacoma and
people are expecting me to be funny so i
slip into funny and she was like oh my
god she was like i didn't recognize you
this is so crazy so that ability to like
reinvent to take advantage of these
moments of chaos um i find very exciting
so we never there's a few things we can
come back to the beginning but do you
have a joke or do you have any jokes
that i was never a joke teller there's
always stories
do you have a story you could do it's
funny no not like that it's um so when i
do live events now so we do impact
theory has its own live events back when
that was the thing
and for whatever reason there was
something about the setup of those i was
on the stage both the events that we did
were actually filmed in comedy clubs and
so i would do
sort of
the whatever this is motivational how to
think stuff
but i was doing it
like it was comedy um that was a lot of
fun so going back and forth that would
be the only it's just saying
things in a funny way that was always my
style um
but yeah that worked really well we have
those recorded so you can certainly see
those and get a sense of um
of what i was like as a comic but no i
was never like let me tell you a joke
kind of person
do you wanna can i try to on you please
all right um
so people still buy uh tom's shoes
yes
that's the joke
uh all right so here's another one i was
um you know everyone's stuck at home
right so obviously you know what's the
one of the main things everyone's doing
now you know watch a bunch of porn
and um i think
the strange thing for me was like i
noticed myself
and you know what i'm masturbating to
has changed so dramatically
and i'm masturbating to people uh
shopping at a grocery store
i masturbate to two people out having
dinner and even last week i masturbated
to two guys just working out at the gym
i was like ah one day i'll do those
things
that is horrifying that's kind of funny
that's nice do you actually do comedy
i did stand up you know i think it's
always good to come into one fear or
think about the things that you know my
buddy and i talk about it like
discomfort is your compass
and so it's like what's something that's
like a fear thing and maybe you know
some of it i don't want to do like i
don't want a tattoo so like comedy i did
want to do so i did a stand-up uh was my
goal last year
uh so i went did it and it was scary
[__] and i was good and i was like i i
don't know i didn't have the bug to want
to go do it again
but i feel like i get to do comedy and
youtube you know so that that that kind
of i have to say
that [__] hilarious
thanks man i mean i think if you're
trying to you know you're a great
teacher and i think you teach a very big
vision which no one does i don't do and
it's very very empowering and i think
you teach a lot about mindset and taking
action
um
and so i realized though my buddy
neville
and i have discussed it it's like
especially with youtube is that if it's
not fun
like you're not gonna learn and so it's
the responsibility of the teacher or the
sharer to make it interesting and if you
could make it fun and interesting and
entertainment that info is actually
going to come in a lot easier it's like
when you know they they call broccoli
like super power broccoli
and so i think if you can do that with
your teachings or your learning your
whatever you're sharing people will be
like enjoying it more they'll probably
take it in more they'll want more
yeah
agreed
well you definitely entertain man and
you definitely give people powerful [__]
to think about i'm so stoked on how much
content you're putting out right now
it's absolutely watch
thank you for being on the show my
friend
and uh i look forward to seeing you in
person in the near future we're gonna go
fit i mean you're schwitzen i like it so
hopefully soon enough man
all right everybody thank you so much
for watching this episode of
conversations with tom and noah kagan
until next time my friends be legendary
take care
[Music]
the first step
is getting rid of the shame that
surrounds it
because the shame is what traps that
insecurity and the thing about shane is
that shane can only live
in secrecy